Start some docs for the operator (#2076)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/configuring/con-configuring-kafkaservice-auth.adoc

[id='con-configuring-kafkaservice-auth-{context}']
= Configuring TLS client authentication with `KafkaServices`

You can configure the proxy to present a TLS client certificate to the proxied Kafka cluster if the proxied cluster implements mutual TLS authentication (mTLS).

The TLS client certificate you provide will need to have been issued by a Certificate Authority (CA) that's trusted by the proxied cluster.

> .Example `KafkaService` configured to authenticate using the TLS client certificate in the `Secret` called `tls-cert-for-kafka.example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures a `KafkaService` to use a TLS client certificate stored in a `Secret` named `tls-cert-for-kafka.example.com`.

.Example `KafkaService` configuration with TLS client authentication
```

[source,yaml]
----
kind: KafkaService
metadata:
  # ...
spec:
  bootstrapServers: kafka.example.com:9092
  tls:
    trustAnchorRef:
      kind: ConfigMap
      name: trusted-cas
      key: trusted-cas.pem
    certificateRef: # <1>
      kind: Secret # <2>
      name: tls-cert-for-kafka.example.com # <3>
    # ...
----

> <1> The `certificateRef` object identifies the TLS client certificate to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `certificateRef` property identifies the TLS client certificate to use.
```

> <2> The `kind` is optional and defaults to `Secret`. The `Secret` should have `type: kubernetes.io/tls`.

Reviewer: any other acceptable kinds?

Author: Not right now
